feat(sbb-tooltip): initial implementation (#3925)
sbb-design-systems/lyne-components: src/elements/tooltip/readme.md

The `sbb-tooltip` component displays contextual information related to an element.

You can use the tooltip in two ways:

- **By connecting the `sbb-tooltip` component to an element through the `trigger` property**

```html
<sbb-button id="tooltip-trigger">Button</sbb-button>
<sbb-tooltip trigger="tooltip-trigger"> Tooltip message </sbb-tooltip>
```

- **Via the `sbb-tooltip` attribute**

```html
<sbb-button sbb-tooltip="Tooltip message"> Button </sbb-button>
```

## Interactions

> The tooltip opens, optionally after a delay, when the user hovers the trigger element and closes on mouse leave.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tooltip opens when the user hovers the trigger element and closes on mouse leave. A delay can be optionally set, both on open and close actions.
```

On touch devices, the tooltip opens on long press and closes automatically after a `longPressCloseDelay` (default: 1500 ms).

## Positioning

By default, the tooltip appears below the trigger element. If there is insufficient space, it automatically chooses the best available position.

## Configuration

The open and close delays can be configured via global configuration. This values will be used as default, unless explicitly set on the element.

```ts
import { mergeConfig } from '@sbb-esta/lyne-elements/core/config.js';

mergeConfig({
  tooltip: {
    openDelay: 0, // Delay before the tooltip opens (in ms)
    closeDelay: 0, // Delay before the tooltip closes (in ms)
    longPressCloseDelay: 1500, // Duration before the tooltip auto-closes after a long press (in ms)
  },
});
```

## Accessibility

> The `sbb-tooltip` adds an aria-describedby description that provides a reference to an element containing the tooltip's message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `sbb-tooltip` adds an `aria-describedby` description that provides a reference to an element containing the tooltip's message.
```
